Add the Giant Swarm Developer Platform (#1623)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/developer-platform/observability/_index.md

---
linkTitle: Observability

> title: Developer Platform Observability Features (monitoring, logging, tracing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Developer Platform Observability Features
```

> description: Overview of the observability related platform features, which includes monitoring, logging, and tracing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Overview of the observability related platform features to help you identify, understand and improve your system better.
```

> description: Overview of the observability related platform features, which includes monitoring, logging, and tracing

Author: ```suggestion
description: Overview of the observability related platform features to help you operate and improve your platform and applications.
```

@TheoBrigitte good idea. I would go with this :arrow_up:
